Create a Java program for a Quiz game consisting of 5 Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) with 3 participants. Each participant will be represented by the "Participant" class, which will have attributes such as "name," "age," and "contactNumber".


To ensure the correctness of the contact number, implement a validation check. If a participant enters a contact number that is not 10 digits long or does not start with '9', display a message stating "Wrong number" and prompt the participant to enter the correct contact number. This validation check should continue until the participant enters a valid 10-digit contact number starting with '9'.


Create objects of the "Participant" class and store them in an ArrayList. This ArrayList will hold all the participant objects participating in the quiz.


Use a Stack data structure to store the correct answers to all 5 MCQs. Each answer should be represented as a character in the stack. This stack will serve as the reference for evaluating the participants' answers. The correct answer sequence is as follows: A, B , A , D , C.


Create a thread for each participant using Java's threading mechanism. Each thread will represent an individual participant . The participant with the lowest age should be given the chance to answer all 5 questions first using scanner class. At a time only one participant can give answer of Questions.


During the quiz, the participant's answers should be stored in an ArrayList. This ArrayList will hold the participant's submitted answers. 

After all participants have submitted their answers, calculate and display each participant's score. The score should be calculated by comparing each participant's submitted answers (ArrayList) with the correct answers (Stack). Award 1 point for each correct answer and calculate the total score for each participant out of 5.


Finally, declare the winner based on the participant with the highest score. In case of tie, younger participant will be declared as winner.


Below is the list of 5 Questions which is asked in Quiz.

Q.1. National bird of INDIA..(A) Peacock (B) Sparrow (C) Duck (D) Owl

Q.2  Independence year of INDIA..(A) 1955 (B) 1947 (C) 1999 (D) 1929

Q.3  Gandhi Jayanti is on......(A) 2nd Oct (B) 5th Oct (C) 9th Oct (D) 7th Oct

Q.4  Count of states in INDIA..(A) 17 (B) 21 (C) 25 (D) 28

Q.5  how many continents are there in the world..(A) 5 (B) 6 (C) 7 (D) 8

Answers: A, B , A , D , C